Implement PC and PDB support for the fleet agent (#1986)
rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2: docs/resources/feature.md

# rancher2\_feature Resource

> Provides a Rancher v2 Feature resource. This can be used to enable/disable [experimental features](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/installation-references/feature-flags) for Rancher v2 environments.

Reviewer: nit: is the link expected to be about feature flags, or experimental features?
```suggestion
Provides a Rancher v2 Feature resource. This can be used to enable/disable [experimental features](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features) for Rancher v2 environments.
```
